-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.org ] ==-
[DRAMATIC INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYS]
[FUNKY HIP-HOP BEAT LAYERS IN]
[DRU] Previously on Ghost...
Zion. Why the fuck
did you kill Wiley Adams?
There's a dealer Carter needs
taken off the board.
I'm a college student.
I don't kill people.
[TARIQ] Yo. B. are you
fucking kidding me right now?
[BRAYDEN] Bro. I was just
headed out there.
What are you doing?
Get the fuck off the stage.
[CARTER] What's the word. Red?
Whose drugs you steal?
Brighton Beach Russians.
NYPD!
- [GUNFIRE]
- [YELLS]
- Please don't shoot.
- [EXCLAIMS]
I don't know if I can
do this shit anymore.
Davis? He can't do shit that I can.
So you're a man of many talents now?
What. you thought I was just
a handsome motherfucker with a Glock?
Someone's about to take down
Carter's entire organization.
- Who's the rat?
- [DRU] Roman.
Listen. my family is
in serious trouble.
Diana's supposed to kill Zion.
We can use that
to get back in with Noma.
Yo. you got the shit?
What the fuck?!
[TARIQ] Everything's taken care of.
Thank you. Tariq.
You know I'll do anything
for you and that baby.
You got a dirty cop on the squad.
Detective Nico Halston.
I saw him take cash
from the Russian raid.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS]
Motherfucker.
What happened with Zion?
I fucking told you to handle it.
- Fuck this.
- Fuck you.
Get the fuck down there.
- Wait. Please don't...
- [GRUNTING]
You're my bitch now.
- [CELL PHONE RINGING]
- Somebody help!
Somebody fucking help me!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC FADES]
[SINGER] ♪ They say this is
A big. rich town ♪
♪ I just come from The poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life
I gotta make it ♪
♪ This is where it goes down ♪
♪ I just happen To come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal. baby
I gotta make it ♪
[50 CENT] ♪ I never took
A straight path nowhere ♪
♪ Life's full of twists And turns ♪
♪ Bumps and bruises I live. I learn ♪
♪ I'm from that city full of
Yellow Cabs and skyscrapers ♪
♪ It's hard to get a start
In these parts without paper ♪
♪ Homie. I grew up in hell
A block away from heaven ♪
♪ That corner. every 15 minutes
They movin' seven ♪
♪ Pure snow Bag it then watch it go ♪
♪ Occupational options
Get some blow or some hos ♪
♪ Shoot the ball or the strap
Learn to rap or to jack ♪
♪ Fuck it. man. in the meantime
Go ahead and pump a pack ♪
♪ This my regal royal flow
My James Bond bounce ♪
♪ That 007 That's 62 on my count ♪
♪ I'm a undercover liar
I lie under the covers ♪
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes and
Tell her. "Baby. I love you" ♪
♪ "You're my inspiration
You're my motivation" ♪
♪ "You're the reason that I'm
Moving with no hesitation" ♪
[SINGER] ♪ They say this is
A big. rich town ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I just come from The poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights. city life
I gotta make it ♪
♪ This is where it goes down ♪
- ♪ Ohh. yeah ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I just happen To come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal. baby
I gotta make it ♪
[MELLOW HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYS]
[MUSIC FADES]
[SIREN WAILING]
[WOMAN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY OVER PA]
- [MONITOR BEEPING STEADILY]
- [SOFT. TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[SOFT CRYING NEARBY]
[WHISPERING] I'm so sorry. Diana.
What... [CRIES]
[TARIQ] I'm sorry.
No.
[SOBS]
Mm-mm.
[MUSIC FADES]
[WOMAN] Her mother's almost here.
Okay. Thank you.
Monet's on her way.
But I'll be here.
I'm not going nowhere.
I'ma take care of you.
Take care of me?
Come on. D.
You said you had us. Tariq.
That you'll protect us by being
in the fucking game.
Carter's bitch-ass cop did this to me.
Look at me. Tariq.
This is what being
in the game looks like.
D. this... this is fucking hard
for me too. you know?
How is it hard for you?
You didn't even want this baby.
We didn't plan on this. D. but...
Tariq. just get the fuck out.
Please.
Get out.
- Are you serious?
- I'm serious.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC FADES]
Tariq. how is she?
You can go see for yourself.
Well. how's the baby? Is he okay?
[MUSIC RESUMES]
[SIGHS]
Look. I'm... I'ma go ahead
and do what I promised.
Look. Tariq. I appreciate you
gettin' Diana here
and callin' me. but...
this is family business.
I got it from here.
I completely understand. but Monet.
I don't work for you anymore.
And that was also my baby. so
I'm gonna do what I have to do.
♪ ♪
Damn.
Don't worry. baby girl.
You gon' get through this.
And I'ma fuckin' put
the motherfucker in the ground
who did this to you.
Ma. I just wanna go home.
- Can you talk to the nurse?
- Of course. baby girl.
But you gotta tell me who did this.
It was that bitch Felicia.
Who the fuck is Felicia?
Look. this ain't the time right now.
We gotta focus on Diana.
Well. what you think I'm doin' here?
Obviously you don't got
this shit under control.
Don't your bitch Noma got
some fucking work for you to do?
[TENSE. OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
When she fucks this up. call me.
- Ma. he just wanted to help.
- I know.
but I don't want him all
involved in this Carter shit.
It'd get him killed.
[SIGHS]
[POP MUSIC PLAYS OVER SPEAKERS IN GYM]
- [CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
- [EXHALES]
[SIGHS]
[VIBRATING CONTINUES]
Never known you to be an early riser
so this sure as shit
can't be a good morning.
You looked into Detective Carter.
You looked into the rest of his team?
He runs a squad of detectives. Tariq.
I mean. what else is there?
Can you get their addresses?
What are you up to?
Davis. don't worry about it.
all right?
Just get me the addresses.
I'll take it from there.
Tariq. you need to
tell me what's going on
and maybe I can help in another way.
[SIGHS] A'ight.
One of them put Diana
in the fuckin' hospital.
So I'm taking care of this shit today.
So if you wanna help. just give me
the fucking addresses. Davis.
I tell you what...
Let me call in a favor
and I'll get back to you.
But in the meantime. Tariq.
try and take a beat.
Hurry the fuck up. Davis.
[CALL ENDS]
[CELL PHONE VIBRATES]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[INHALES DEEPLY. EXHALES TREMULOUSLY]
[WHISPERS] Fuck.
[SOLEMN MUSIC PLAYING]
[WHISPERS] I'm sorry. bro.
I love you. man.
[MUSIC FADES]
[CLEARS THROAT]
[SNIFFLES]
Kamaal is. uh...
Well...
He was my better half.
Pushed me to be better.
To do better.
My deepest condolences.
My wife was also gunned down
by dealers.
My unit was built to protect...
So you understand I'ma need
the motherfucker who did this to pay.
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
Who was it?
[CLEARS THROAT]
Congressman. look. um...
as you know. this is
an active investigation.
- I'm not at liberty to disclo...
- Nigga. fuck all that noise!
My motherfuckin' brother
is killed. all right?
And whoever took him from me
is gonna fuckin' pay.
Bottom line!
And you know I was New York's finest.
I was a cop. just like you.
So. I either talk to you
or the press.
But I'ma get the answers I need.
You're right.
You're right. I'm sorry.
Preliminary ballistics
tie the murder to a bust
we made on a Russian drug warehouse.
Retaliation?
That's what we think.
Some of the Russians escaped.
They must have tracked Kamaal down.
Well. what's being done
to get this motherfucker. man?
My team is working on this 24/7
and we will not stop
until we get this guy.
I promise you that.
Listen. uh. find out who did this
and if there's anything I can do to...
expedite the search. just call me.
I'll make sure that you have any
and every resource necessary.
I appreciate that. Um...
Like I said. my... my team.
we have it from here.
Again...
condolences.
Kamaal was a good man.
And a good cop.
I'm your first call
when you find this fucking guy.
We clear?
Your very first call.
♪ ♪
[MUSIC FADES]
Tariq handled your Zion problem.
But corrupt bureaucrats
don't exactly advertise.
It's gonna take me
some time to find a new one.
Especially considering
what happened with Mr. Adams.
Time I don't have.
[SIGHS] Even if I were to pull
a congressman out of a hat.
the contract's contingent
upon U.S. citizenship
which you don't have.
Yeah. well. Adams
was handling that too.
I need someone who can make this work.
To clean your dirty Benjamins
which are stacking up from overseas.
I get it.
And what would you propose?
Well. the quickest route
would be to install a U.S. citizen
as the majority owner of your company.
Hm. obviously it has to be
someone you trust
or. in your case. can control.
Like you?
A defense attorney up for disbarment
who works for drug dealers
like Tariq St. Patrick
and Monet Tejada?
Correction.
I work for my damn self.
Besides...
you don't really think
you can control me. do you?
[TENSE HIP HOP MUSIC PLAYING]
[DOOR SLAMS]
Yo.
[BRAYDEN GROANS]
How bad did I fuck up last night?
Do you think Elle's still mad?
I mean. I didn't think it was
that bad. but...
Yo. yo. yo. yo.
I thought everything was good.
A dirty cop beat up Diana. B.
She's in the hospital.
She's fine. but...
she lost our baby.
What?
All right. just...
give me two minutes to get ready
and we'll figure this shit out.
Nah. it's good. I got this.
Davis is giving me the cop's address.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Who the fuck could that be?
Ah. Stokely.
- What up. dude?
- Shut the fuck up.
This ain't gon' take
nothin' but a minute.
- Y'all two niggas fired.
- Fuck you mean we fired?
We got No Lie trending
on college campuses everywhere.
Every show is sold out. What...
What the fuck is this about?
- Is this Elle?
- Nah.
It was a group decision.
After that Snow White Diddy shit
you pulled on stage last night.
Quit cappin' like we don't know
y'all using us
to sell y'all fucking drugs.
[TARIQ] What the fuck
are you talking about?
- That's not what's happening.
- Save it.
We don't know if we got fans
or fuckin' fiends.
- We done.
- No the fuck you're not.
Y'all knowin' about this shit
don't change nothin'.
You lucky I don't get
your ass expelled.
You out here ruinin'
fuckin' lives and shit
and got me a fuckin' accessory!
- Riq. chill.
- Fuck you. No. fuck him!
No. fuck you. Fuck both of y'all.
- Chill.
- [STOKELY] Fuck y'all!
What the fuck. Riq?
You know. if you ain't pull that
bullshit you did last night.
this wouldn't be a fuckin' issue.
Okay. I know. all right? I fucked up.
But breaking his jaw's
not gonna change shit.
Oh. I'm supposed to just snort
a few lines
and get the fuck over it
like you always do. right? Huh?
Okay. Obviously I'm not the one
to get through to you right now.
Maybe someone else can.
But before you go do
what I think you're about to do
to a fucking cop.
you gotta talk to someone you trust
and really think this shit through
before you fuck our shit up
even more than it already is.
[MUSIC FADES]
- Any leads?
- Nope.
I've never known you to bend
over for a crooked politician.
What the fuck did you just say?
I'm sorry. but Deputy Do-Right
brought this on himself.
Thought he could take down the
rest of the Russians on his own.
Fe. come on. we don't know
if that's what happened.
[FELICIA] Let's be fucking real here.
The way you said he almost got to Zay.
sounds like whoever took him out
did us a favor.
Now we can stop tiptoeing
around his ass.
Nah. fuck that.
Look. Kamaal wasn't one of us
but he was still a good fucking cop.
Nobody had the right
to gun him down like that.
Nico's right.
You give Kamaal the respect
he deserves. Am I clear?
Yes. sir.
If Rashad Tate has questions.
we're gonna answer 'em.
How?
You told him it was the Russians.
They all scattered after we
blew up their spot. I mean...
They probably didn't even have
the numbers
to plan an ambush in that time.
Yeah. and why would they
single out Kamaal's ass?
I mean. it's more likely
he caught a bullet
meant for his shady-ass brother.
[NICO] Right. and if it was
the Russians.
that probably means we have
targets on our backs also.
- It doesn't make any sense.
- Then we gotta get to 'em first.
We're putting this on the Russians
who fled after the raid.
Look. if we don't...
Tate blows this up in the press.
Then tomorrow. we might as well
roll out the red carpet for IAB.
That's the last thing we fuckin' need.
Guys. get the team.
smoke out the Russians.
End this now.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[SIGHS SOFTLY]
What is it?
Look. I know this ain't the shit
you wanna hear right now...
Just fucking tell me. please.
We got another bird about to sing.
But our man on the inside
has a proposal.
♪ I need a prayer ♪
♪ Call the Lord for me ♪
♪ I see these niggas watching ♪
♪ They 'bout to rest in peace ♪
♪ I need a prayer ♪
♪ I keep that thang on me ♪
♪ I know the feds is watching ♪
♪ I'm fallin' on my knees ♪
♪ I need a prayer. uh ♪
♪ I can hear my baby Callin' out ♪
♪ Please don't go. gotta see
what streets is talkin' about ♪
♪ I need a prayer ♪
Hey. yo. Where's Roman?
Nah. You fuckin' concussed
if you lookin' for him.
Have you seen your face?
Just go. Now.
Before he sees me wit' you
and kills us both.
[ROMAN] You know what?
You ain't wrong about that.
I tend to be a nigga of my word.
But a hospitable one.
Very giving with my time.
Ain't that right. Keyon?
Shut the fuck up.
[LAUGHS] Oh. Ooh!
Man. See. you one hard-headed nigga.
We got a problem here. gentlemen?
Nah.
We good.
Then clear the fuck out.
Nigga.
You gon' die in here.
You and this bitch.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
- Let's go.
- Fuck!
Fuck. fuck!
[MUSIC FADES]
What you doin' here. man?
That desperate for business
you makin' house calls now?
Sure. junior. if that's what you
kids are calling it these days.
Noma.
Think over those citizenship
options I proposed.
I'll make sure your. uh. assets
stay in capable hands.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
I'm just gonna assume that was about
the replacement of Wiley Adams
and you not lettin' Davis MacLean hit.
I believe you meant Davis is
rectifying an issue you caused.
However. I don't recall ever needing
to explain myself to my employees.
Employees?
We both know I'm more than that.
But we need to talk about Effie.
Do we. luv? Because if you
claim to be more.
then perhaps it's you
who should explain yourself.
Okay. after the shit that
happened with the Russians.
she wants out.
I think that'd be a great idea...
Let me stop you there.
Where was all this thinking
when you chose to have
a pissing contest with Zion.
jeopardizing everything I've built?
You the one running
around here on some
cat and mouse. heaux game shit.
trying to make me jealous with Davis.
When I've been holding you down
since you set foot in my city.
What's up with that?
Well. you said you're
my problem solver.
But what have you done
for me lately. huh?
Tariq killed Zion
and Davis proposed solutions
to my contract and citizenship issues.
What makes you think
you can trust Davis or Tariq?
- Huh?
- We're done here. Cane.
And I don't trust either of them.
Nor do I trust
your little girlfriend Effie
didn't tip off the police
to the Russian stash.
- She's quite the opportunist.
- No.
No. Effie damn near
took a bullet for us.
She ain't no fuckin' snitch.
Well. then it sounds like it
would be in her best interest.
and yours. to find out exactly who is.
First. my warehouse is robbed
and somehow. Carter's fucking
task force is there.
And then. just as my product
lands at the Russians.
Carter's there again.
Don't fucking come back
until you find out
who's tipping him off.
[SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE]
How we killing this bitch?
Look. Diana.
you said you wanted outta the life.
Now. killing a cop ain't the way out.
This ain't about in or out.
It's about making that bitch pay
for killing my baby.
your grandchild. our...
our fuckin' future.
- Family first. right?
- Yes. Yes. yes. yes.
Calm down. Take your meds.
and I'll fix you something to eat.
We're goin' to see Carter later.
Okay?
Well. I'm doin' this.
Felicia did this to me.
so I don't give a fuck
what Carter has to say.
- I'ma off that bitch.
- That's right.
He either gives the bitch up
or he gets buried next to her.
[DARK. OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC FADES]
Hi.
Tariq? What are you doing?
What's wrong?
Look. I...
I just came to check
if everything was okay.
Mm-hm.
Boy. you know you lie
like your father.
Now. just tell me.
why are you really here?
Tariq! I can't believe you're here!
Are you staying this time?
You have to see my new room.
Come on. show me.
Go ahead.
[TARIQ] What you been up to?
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Hm.
- [MUSIC FADES]
- [GULLS CALLING]
What's this about?
I don't like to be summoned.
Felicia...
beat the shit outta Diana.
left her for dead.
Diana was pregnant.
She lost her fuckin' baby.
I didn't know Diana was pregnant.
So you gave the order and
didn't know she was pregnant?
I didn't know anything about this.
- I would never do that.
- Bullshit!
Look. if you want me and my family
to keep doing shit for you.
- you will...
- I will what?
Hm?
What-what's your play here?
You think I'm just gonna
give you permission
to execute one of my cops?
Well. if she really did this
shit without your knowledge.
it ain't the first or the last time.
And that's gonna raise questions.
Questions you and your little
fuckin' militia can't answer.
Now I'm doin' you a fucking
favor by taking this bitch out.
Fuck no.
No. see... I get to come in your house
and call the shots.
It don't work both ways.
So unless you want me to slap
the cuffs on you
and see how long you survive Rikers.
fuck off.
Let me handle my people my way.
So that's what you did with Dru.
That's what you did with my son.
Dru's gonna be fine.
He'll be home soon.
Fuck you.
Piece of shit.
[CELL PHONE VIBRATES]
[SCOFFS] Fuck Carter.
- Hello?
- [DRU] Di. it's me.
What the fuck? Did they let you out?
No. not yet. but...
I'm okay. I'm good. You good?
Nah. Carter's bitch beat my ass
and left me for dead in an alley.
Wait. what the fuck? What?
What about the baby?
Dru...
Di...
I am so... fucking sorry.
- I shoulda been there.
- But you weren't
and you still ain't.
No. I'm gonna make this
right for you. okay?
I can fix this. Where-where's Monet?
You sound just like her.
thinking you can fix this for me.
She's out there trying
to handle it herself too.
[DRU] Fuck. no. Listen. Call Monet
and tell her not to do shit
until I get there. all right?
I promise you. Diana.
- I promise you...
- Promise what?
That you're gonna help me do it?
[SCOFFS]
Diana. I know what you're dealing with
but you can't kill a cop.
Oh no. you don't have a fucking
clue what I'm dealing with.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
But you're right.
I can't let her do it.
That bitch is mine.
♪ ♪
[PHONE BEEPS]
[MUSIC FADES]
Come here.
Okay. you need to tell me
what's goin' on.
Because if you're in
some kind of danger.
or we are. I need to know now.
Ma. there's no danger. okay?
Nothing like that. I promise.
Then what's wrong?
Why does something gotta be wrong?
Because I've seen that look before
on your father's face.
You said you learned
from his mistakes. Riq.
Ma. I'm not Ghost. I can fix
whatever problem I'm in.
First off. lower your voice.
And just tell me what happened.
Fix what?
[SIGHS]
What is it?
A'ight.
I didn't get the chance
to tell you. but...
Diana was pregnant. Ma.
[SOLEMN MUSIC PLAYING]
- Yours?
- Yeah. Mine.
Wait a minute...
you said "was pregnant."
A cop beat the shit outta her.
- Left her for dead.
- Are you fucking kidding me?
Well. is she okay?
Yeah. she'll be fine.
As soon as I get what I need
from Davis.
I'm out to make a move.
Riq...
[MUSIC FADES]
All we gotta do is get Noma
the name of the snitch
that almost got you popped
with the Russians.
then you can skip on
down to La-La Land.
Stanford's in Northern California.
Whatever. It ain't here.
And that's what you want. right?
So what you think?
Was it one of the Russians
that snitched or what?
- Vadim's people?
- Yeah.
- Fuck no.
- Okay. then who?
How the fuck am I supposed
to know who tipped the police?
There could be a record
in the NYPD database
but I doubt there's a name.
Effie. if there's ever a time for you
to find something
to get you outta this.
you pull out that laptop
and bleep-bloop that shit.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
I need a cop's laptop.
Only way into the database
is from a computer
on the NYPD's secure network.
♪ Gimme your best shot
I'll take it on the chin ♪
♪ I gotta be a man
I'm swingin' for the fence ♪
♪ I always tell the truth
Even when I sin ♪
♪ My integrity's My weaponry again ♪
♪ Don't you ever try to
Question my heart... ♪
[SIGHS] Fuck it.
["BE A MAN" BY DURAND THE RAPPER
PLAYING]
[SNIFFS LOUDLY]
- [DOOR OPENS]
- Shit.
Doesn't anybody fuckin' knock?
Just relax. Charlie Sheen.
Wipe your nose. man.
Can't just come in here. okay?
- We made a truce. right?
- It's all good.
We got a favor to ask you.
A favor?
Are you fucking kidding me? With
the shit you pulled with Tariq
and you with Trace.
Trace can thank your hidin' ass
for that.
And you can thank Effie that
you still have a fucking family.
Look. I'm sorry for how
shit went down.
But if Tariq never cut my ass out.
you wouldn't be in this spot.
You chose your side. remember?
Oh. now I get it.
That's the game. right?
Either get two feet in
or get fucked over
and then asked for a favor
by the fuckers.
Listen. if you wanna stop
being somebody's bitch.
- stop acting like one.
- Cane. you're not helping.
Yeah. you're really not.
Fine.
Let me try this again.
What the fuck do you want
from us to help?
♪ When it's all said and done
I'ma owe myself a great debt ♪
♪ Gimme your best shot I'll take... ♪
I want the Course Correct knockoff.
Let me have the Stansfield
business back.
What? Fuck no. Effie can handle
this Ivy League shit.
- You just stay in your lane.
- Fine.
Do this job. you can have it all.
The other Ivy Leagues too.
Effie. come on. You can't do this.
Yes I can.
♪ I gotta be a man
I'm swingin' for the fence ♪
You doin' this or not?
♪ Always tell the truth
Even when I sin ♪
Look. I'm not about to beg you
but this shit needs to happen today.
Just pick up your phone when I call.
♪ ♪
Monet's trying to shut me out.
but now Diana's roped up in this
Carter shit because of her
and now she thinks it's my fault.
Well. in her mind.
no one was there for her when...
someone always has been.
Monet. her brothers.
and this time. you.
Look. she's angry
at the world right now.
And there's only one thing
that's gonna make it right.
I'm gonna make it right.
That's just it. Riq.
She doesn't want you to.
I mean. you flyin' in to save her
is what got her in this mess.
And all of you are
probably trying to do the same thing.
trying to avenge her.
Yeah.
But. Ma. I mean...
what am I supposed to do.
just act like nothing happened?
What. leave these motherfuckers
breathing
like they didn't do shit to her?
Riq. you still aren't getting it.
They did it to you too.
What was stolen from Diana.
you lost it too.
[SOLEMN MUSIC PLAYING]
That child...
was hope.
A chance for a life outside
of all this shit.
Look...
I can't fix this for you. baby.
And I'm not saying to just let it go.
But killin' a cop?
That's not gonna help you
get back to us.
Ma. what about Diana?
That's up to you. I mean...
you can be there for Diana.
But whatever that family does
cannot come back on you.
Because your family is here
and we are waiting for you.
So please be smart.
Be strategic.
Like you was when you shot Monet.
[CELL PHONE VIBRATES]
That bitch don't know I shot her.
And we both know
that can't happen again.
So whatever this little
text message you just got.
I need you to show me that you
can do better than your parents.
I love you. Riq.
I just want us to be together again.
Trust me...
I didn't forget the promise
I made to you. Ma.
I know.
All right.
I love you too.
- Okay.
- All right.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hm.
[MUSIC FADES]
[ENGINE SQUEALS]
[CAR SHUTS OFF]
Hey. boss. What's up?
Why the fuck did you lay hands
on Diana Tejada?
Monet wants your head because
she ended up in the hospital.
So what?
Fuck that drug queen and her daughter.
Since when are you so soft
on the fucking help?
Are you using again?
What?
- [SIGHS]
- What are you talking about?
She was pregnant.
Did you know?
Fuck. How the fuck would I?
Don. come on. Diana coulda
ruined everything. She was...
Are you fucking justifying this?
I told her to off Zion.
No. no. no. I-I told you to off Zion.
IAB was up my fucking ass
so I sent her to do it.
She didn't do it. so she fucking got
Tariq St. Patrick to do it.
How do you know that?
Tariq killed Zion? How the fuck
would you know that?
Oh. fuck.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
He did it in the safe house?
[FELICIA] It was on
our surveillance cameras.
[MUSIC FADES]
I cleared the server.
That's the only copy.
[SIGHS]
You fucked up.
We're all at risk now.
Did she tell St. Patrick about us?
- She said she didn't.
- And you fucking believe her?
Look. I'm sorry.
but we can make this right.
We can use this.
[SIGHS]
I'll hold onto this. You go home.
Don't talk to anyone.
Don't tell anyone.
Not Nico. not anyone. You understand?
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[TENSE. OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
[ENGINE STARTS]
So you mean to tell me
we're about to break
into a cop's house
hoping his laptop's there?
What if he's there?
Or his wife and kids?
Nah. he won't be.
I ran a check on him.
Wife and six-year-old son.
Wife is home.
Six-year-old's still at school.
Play our cards right.
we're in and out.
[CANE] Relax. B. all right?
Shit goes sideways. you
don't have to leave in cuffs.
Just make that shit
look like a home invasion.
You can do that. right?
Yeah. Yeah. I can do that.
[EFFIE] Landon was driving me
to NYU when we were carjacked.
and I-I told him to just
give him the keys.
My God. he never listens to me.
I'm so sorry. I'll call 911.
No. I called already. Plea...
But he's bleeding.
We really need help.
I'm sorry. I... I can't let you
in my house.
But I-I can definitely...
- I think I'm gonna pass out.
- Oh my God.
Okay. okay. Um. come in. Come in.
[SIGHS. GRUNTS]
Just right through there.
[BRAYDEN SIGHS]
Thank you so much. ma'am.
[WOMAN] It's Maggie.
We'll get you patched up.
then we'll call my husband.
He's NYPD.
And you can file a report.
That's really not necessary.
I actually think a cop is on his way.
Are you hurt? You're covered in blood.
Yeah. Landon's blood.
Do you have a bathroom or something?
Maybe I can go clean up a little bit.
Yeah. Down the hall.
second door on your right.
Thank you.
[DARK. TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[SIGHS] Okay.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Why didn't you just...
give up the car?
I guess I didn't get the memo
about chivalry being dead.
[LAUGHS]
♪ ♪
But luckily.
you'll live.
This might need a few stitches though.
I should get you to the ER.
Uh. no. that's...
That won't be necessary.
She's just gonna go get her car.
It's only a few blocks from here. so.
Wow.
So much for chivalry.
Wait. She said you were
taking her back to NYU.
[MUSIC DARKENS]
- Uh...
- Where is she?
I'm sure she's fine.
I'm just gonna go check on her.
No. I just...
♪ ♪
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Are you all right in there?
[KNOCKING]
Hello?
[TENSE MUSIC BUILDS SLOWLY]
[CONTINUES KNOCKING]
Hello?
[BANGING ON FRONT DOOR]
[MUSIC DROPS OFF SUDDENLY]
Hi. Sorry to bother you.
I'm Officer Ramirez.
I'm responding to a carjacking.
The neighbor said you might have
been helping one of the victims.
[SOFTLY] Fuck. Fuck.
Come on.
Uh. yes. But that was fast.
Yeah. unfortunately.
this isn't the first
carjacking in your neighborhood.
We got extra patrols
all up and down these streets
due to the escalations.
- [MAGGIE] Oh my God.
- [DINGS]
I mean. this is normally
such a safe neighborhood.
Yeah.
Are you the one who called?
Yes. officer.
I'm a little shaken still.
but all good.
Thank you. Maggie.
Is there anything that we can do
to repay you?
No. Think nothing of it.
I just hope everything works out okay.
- Thank you. officer.
- No. ma'am. thank you.
Appreciate you.
- Caucasian male. please come.
- Thank you. sir.
- All right. you have a good one.
- Oh. you too.
[CARTER] Good work.
I confirmed the Russian
who shot Kamaal is hiding out here.
Sure we should be going in
without backup?
Where the fuck is Felicia?
We're fine. Source said
he went in 25 minutes ago
with a woman and no one in or out. so.
Eyes open. Here we go.
NYPD! Put your motherfuckin' hands up!
[TENSE. DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[GUNFIRE]
All right. I got it.
Get her outta here.
♪ ♪
[YELLING]
Fuck you. pig!
- Yeah.
- [CASING CLATTERS]
♪ ♪
[MUSIC FADES]
[PANTING]
- You good. boss?
- Yeah. Got this motherfucker.
All right. Let's write this up
and. uh...
get forensics down here.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
Yeah. Good shit.
God damn.
You sure this is the guy
who killed Kamaal?
What about his friend who got
away out the fucking window?
Hey. hey. don't worry about it.
All right. we run ballistics
on this gun.
We find the match that killed Kamaal
and then we get Tate off our asses.
Now you good with that?
[GRIM MUSIC PLAYING]
Yeah.
- Yeah. I'm good with that.
- Yeah.
Looks like we got the motherfucker.
I'll write this up.
[CARTER] Yeah. you do that.
I'ma call Tate
and give him the good news in person.
[GRIM MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC FADES]
[KEYS JANGLING]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[RATTLES. CREAKS]
[MUSIC INTENSIFIES SLOWLY]
[MUSIC FADES]
[SIGHS]
["BYRD" BY HDBEENDOPE PLAYING]
♪ Bitch I got
Problems on. problems on ♪
♪ Problems on. problems on
♪ I'll solve 'em
I run through the money ♪
♪ The pressure be calling
Left all my blessings ♪
♪ I feel like I'm falling
The birdie is back ♪
♪ Tell me I'm garbage
I'm going through something ♪
♪ That's why I ain't calling
Phone in progression ♪
♪ It's all that I wanted
A foe in affection ♪
♪ I summon and dub it 'cause
Bitch. I got problems on ♪
♪ Problems on. problems on
Problems on. problems on ♪
♪ I'll solve 'em
I run through the money ♪
♪ The pressure be calling
Left all my blessings ♪
♪ I feel like I'm falling
The birdie is back ♪
♪ Tell me I'm garbage
I'm going through something ♪
♪ That's why I ain't calling
Phone in progression ♪
♪ It's all that I wanted
A foe in affection ♪
♪ I summon and dub it ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Bitch. I got
Problems on. problems on ♪
♪ Problems on. problems on
♪ I'll solve 'em
I run through the money ♪
♪ The pressure be calling
Left all my blessings ♪
♪ I feel like I'm falling
The birdie is back ♪
♪ Tell me I'm garbage
I'm going through something ♪
♪ That's why I ain't calling
Phone in progression ♪
♪ It's all that I wanted
A foe in affection ♪
♪ I summon and dub it ♪
♪ ♪
[MUSIC FADES]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[FLOOR CREAKS]
[FELICIA] Okay.
Let's just calm down
and talk about this.
Why?
What the fuck can you
even say to me right now?
- You can't pull that trigger.
- Try me.
It's okay.
You don't wanna do this.
This is all still fixable.
But if you kill a cop.
it is gonna get much worse for you.
How the fuck can it get worse for me?
You already took everything from me.
I am truly sorry for how you feel
but it was just business.
Business?
Bitch. my baby wasn't
fuckin' business!
[GRUNTING]
[SCREAMING]
♪ ♪
[GASPING]
[SCREAMING]
[BREATHING TREMULOUSLY]
[DARK. INTENSE INSTRUMENTALS PLAYING]
[SQUELCHING THUD]
♪ ♪
[DRAMATIC MUSICAL STING]
[DAVIS] Tariq. where are you
right now?
Relax. We're good.
I don't need those addresses anymore.
Glad to hear you found a sense
of peace. I was afraid...
Yo. Davis. I gotta call you later.
- Diana.
- [DIANA] Tariq.
I'm happy you called. I...
I wanted to apologize about earlier.
Tariq. I need you right now.
Can... can you please get to me ASAP?
Yeah. where you at? I'm on the way.
[SIGHS]
[RASHAD] So you're absolutely
positive this is the guy
that pulled the trigger on Kamaal?
The weapon that we recovered
matches the ballistics
on your brother's case.
So...
we got him. congressman.
As promised.
[GRIM MUSIC PLAYING]
[HAWKS LOUDLY]
Piece of shit.
Wish I'd have pulled the trigger
and blew his fuckin' brains out
myself.
[CELL PHONE VIBRATES]
I see why my brother
chose this unit. detective.
Nice work.
Seems I'm in debt to you.
So. there's anything
you ever need at any time.
my door's always open to you.
my good brother.
♪ ♪
I'll walk you out.
[MUSIC FADES]
["AUTHENTIC" BY KAHLIL PLAYS SOFTLY]
How's the hack to freedom going?
Look at this.
I couldn't find a single file
related to the Russian drug bust
about an informant.
But the task force did lie
about what they recovered.
They said they found
way less cash and product
- than what they really did.
- How you know?
'Cause I dropped a backpack
filled with the Russians'
payment to Noma.
So this task force is taking a
cut off the top for themselves.
Mm-hm.
Got any names
of these dirty motherfuckers?
The ones in on the raid.
♪ I could have a smile
On my face but be burnt out ♪
♪ Didn't co-depend on other
People I just learned how ♪
♪ Independent with it... ♪
Cane. Noma wants a name.
Means I'm not done with this shit.
[DRAMATIC MUSICAL STING]
But now we know
Carter's task force is dirty.
We can use this shit.
All right? I'ma let Noma know.
- Like right now?
- If I'm hearing this right.
she's gonna wanna know this tonight.
Plus. I'm sure you got
some robot shit to do.
- So yeah. now.
- Cane.
♪ Used to go at niggas
In the league when I hooped ♪
♪ Shit translated... ♪
Thank you.
For everything that you did.
I could stay. if you want.
Be here when you're done.
Is that something you wanna do?
I'm not tryin' to move in.
[LAUGHS] I just...
Everything that you did
with no agenda.
It's...
I forgot how that feels.
[TENDER. SOLEMN MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC FADES]
[LINE RINGING]
[VOICEMAIL]
Your call has been forwarded
to an automatic voice message system.
- [VOICEMAIL BEEPS]
- [CANE] Monet.
That Felicia bitch that beat
Diana works for Carter.
Please tell me you're not mixed
up with that fuckin' dirty cop.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[MONET] Diana?
Diana?
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[GRIM PERCUSSIVE MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC FADES]
[PHONE JINGLE PLAYS]
I knew there was something
special about you. son.
Yeah. you can fuck right off
with all that "son" talk.
We had a deal.
My mom and my sister
are outta this shit.
[LAUGHS SOFTLY]
[SIGHS]
You're in no position
to make any fuckin' deals. son.
You understand?
I can put you right back
in that fucking cage anytime.
Along with your mother
and your sister.
[SOLEMN MUSIC PLAYING]
- Initiative. loyalty...
- [CELL PHONE PINGING]
...and discretion.
They go a long way with me. Dru.
[CELL PHONE PINGING]
I don't know if you. uh. heard
about your sister.
I'm sorry.
That shit wasn't my call.
But I'ma need your word
that you and your family
ain't gonna retaliate
or be a problem from now on.
[CELL PHONE VIBRATES]
[MESSAGE NOTIFICATION PINGS]
[DARK. OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC FADES]
[SOFTLY] Fuck.
This is a problem.
What the fuck am I supposed to do?
Look. we just clean up
the fucking body
before the kid wakes up
and make it look like
nobody ever came home.
Okay. and then what?
I don't know. D. The kid'll be fine.
How the fuck is he gonna be
fine? I just killed his mother.
- Shh.
- [BOY] Mom?
Mommy?
[DIANA SIGHS] Uh. no.
but we're Mommy's friends.
I'm Officer Morton and...
- this is Officer...
- Thomas.
Um. Mommy had to pick up
the late shift tonight. buddy.
Mm-hm. But. um. don't you worry
because we're gonna take
good care of you. okay?
- [BOY] Okay.
- But listen.
if you don't want us
to get in trouble.
I'm gonna need you to get back to bed.
Do you like bedtime stories?
- Yes.
- Okay.
Well. uh. get back to bed
and I'll be up there soon.
We'll be up there
in a little bit. buddy.
[SOFTLY] Shit.
Fuck!
♪ ♪
- This is valuable intel. Cane.
- I know.
Effie found out that Carter's
task force was dirty.
They're raiding the stash spots.
pocketing product and cash.
But who put me on Carter's radar?
Who's his informant?
I don't know. but I will follow
this Carter lead.
Yes. you will.
While Effie continues her duties
with the Russians.
Unless you have more
you'd like to share or discuss.
Yeah. I do.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Marry me.
If that's supposed to be a joke.
you should stick to what
you're good at. Cane.
It's not.
You said I should start thinking
more strategic. right?
And you need citizenship
to make you legit.
That's what you needed Mecca for.
'Cause knowin' you and him.
that ring damn sure wasn't about love.
It was about selling your image.
So. let me do that.
And you think I can trust you
to fulfill that role?
You don't have to.
Just don't fuck me and take
what I've built since Mecca.
Guarantee me that.
Then you can have your new boy toy
draw up whatever paper you need
to protect your assets
and I'll... I'll sign 'em.
♪ ♪
And that's all you want?
Just business?
[SIGHS] Shit. that's up to you.
But no more of this employee shit.
A real partnership.
[MUSIC DARKENS]
[CELL PHONE VIBRATES]
[SOLEMN MUSIC PLAYING]
- [MUSIC FADES]
- [EFFIE SIGHS]
[CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
[SOLEMN MUSIC PLAYING]
That's just so fucked up.
Doin' this was supposed
to make me feel like...
- I don't know.
- It's okay.
It's okay.
[CRYING] Fuck.
It's all right. D.
[MUSIC FADES]
D. you gotta understand. none of this
is gonna make you feel
better about anything.
And I can't fix this for you
just like I couldn't fix it
for my own family.
What are you talkin' about?
Look.
I did exactly what you just did
to the dirty cop
that killed my sister.
Yeah.
To this day. I'm still walking around
with that same fucking pain on me.
I gotta deal with that shit.
The rest of my family
gotta deal with it.
But that dirty cop. he doesn't.
Felicia took your heart
and left you alive.
That's a fate that's worse than death.
What you need to understand
though. D. is...
revenge ain't always about blood.
It has to be thought out.
it has to be strate...
Just stop. A'ight?
I don't need lessons on
how to revenge better.
Look... I'm sorry I haven't
been there for you.
I'm here for you now.
[DOOR OPENS]
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
Oh. shit.
♪ ♪
Look. Ma. I know what you said.
but I had to do it for me.
I thought I had to do it.
I know. baby. but you gotta get
the fuck outta here. now.
I'll take care of this.
Give me my gun.
Look. the cop had a kid
and he's asleep upstairs.
Yeah. and he saw us.
Fuck!
Okay. okay. I'll take care of him.
No. How?
Shit. I don't know. but you gotta get
the fuck outta here. now.
[DOOR OPENS]
Oh. shit. Dru.
Thank God you all right.
Look. you-you gotta help me
get this body...
- Hands up.
- What the fuck is he doin' here?
Hands up. Put the gun down!
Now!
I brought him.
Her kid. Where's her fucking kid?
He's fine. He's asleep upstairs.
♪ ♪
[SOFTLY] Fuck.
Oh. fuck! You killed her.
You fuckin' ki...
I told you to follow my fuckin' rules
and you didn't fuckin' listen!
- Huh?
- Carter.
Easy.
Fortunately for you.
your son. he knows how this works.
So today. today you get
to keep fuckin' breathin'.
What the fuck did you do. Dru?
I protected our family.
Isn't that what you said you wanna do?
He woulda killed us for this shit. Ma.
So I did what I had to.
This is the only way we get
to walk outta here alive.
Dru?
You see. he told the fuckin' truth.
Now why don't we try giving you
another crack at it. huh?
Why did you tell me you stole
from the fuckin' Russians?
Why did you lie?
Well. it seems like Dru gave
you all the fuckin' answers.
So if it wasn't them. who was it?
Noma Asaju.
That's your old supplier.
Who you said to me. you said
the shit dried up. didn't you?
Huh?
Dru gave her up
so I didn't put a bullet in you
and your fuckin' daughter.
But you chose to protect
the fucking plug
over your kids.
[DARK. DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
What's up. Red?
What. you ain't got nothin'
cute to say now? Huh?
Anybody else got
somethin' cute to say?
What about you. Tariq?
No? You good too?
Doesn't fucking matter.
As far as I'm concerned.
all of you are going down for this.
If we don't do what?
♪ ♪
There's that Ivy League
education at work.
Everything comes at a cost.
including your fucking freedom.
You get me the leverage I need
to go against Noma.
and maybe. just fucking maybe...
I change this murder to...
to a fuckin' accident.
♪ ♪
Y'all cool with that?
Great. Now get the fuck outta my face.
Dru and I will clean up
your fuckin' mess.
Go! Now.
Now.
[DOOR OPENS]
Welcome to the fuckin' team. Tariq.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC BUILDS SLOWLY]
[MUSIC ENDS WITH AN ECHOING BANG]
sync and corrections by awaqeded
www.addic7ed.com
["TALK TO ME" BY RUN THE JEWELS
PLAYING]
♪ He wore a bad toupee
And a spray tan ♪
♪ So high now Hoping that I land ♪
♪ On a Thai stick
Moving through Thailand ♪
♪ On the radio
Heard 'em playing hijack ♪
♪ Government be in debt
Like they cook crack ♪
♪ I move in a world Of conspiracies ♪
♪ Obey no rules. I'm doing me ♪
♪ Smoke kush
Transport to the airport ♪
♪ Customs found a joint
And my passport ♪
♪ Pull cash and I gave him
What he asked for ♪
♪ Goddamn it
It's a motherfucking miracle ♪
♪ Small bribe
Made it back into America ♪
♪ Hit Uber and maneuvered
Out the area ♪
♪ Rhyme animal Pitbull terrier ♪
♪ Rap terrorist. terrorize
Tear it up ♪
♪ Brought gas and the matches
To flare it up ♪
♪ Militant Michael Might go psycho ♪
♪ On any ally or rival ♪
♪ Born Black That's dead on arrival ♪
♪ My job is to fight For survival ♪
♪ In spite of these
AllLivesMatter-ass white folk ♪
♪ And you still Ain't believe me ♪
♪ So here we go. RTJ3 ♪
♪ Talk to me ♪
♪ ♪
- ♪ Talk to me ♪
- [MUSIC ENDS]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-